for everyone and to contain of fuck
has the label on then if I
I move the label I'm going to make noise
as well as to cut it to take for ass already
Today I'm talking about that anime that
has made it so famous that I really
I'm watching and I'm flipping in colors
that alters a magical boy the title is
very difficult so free
weibo those of the uncles almost those who
they transform like a mouth but super
gay supreme with a koala we want to believe
than a koala that they have as a pet
because if it's a weirdo and pink the
Anime begins with two guys in the
good thermal baths in a bathhouse not
semi thermal baths are bathrooms that are
talking about food because the anime other
thing, but they do not stop talking about
food at least to see I'm going to talk
of the first chapter is worth that is what
dedicate mentalized first chapter not
stop talking about meta food are
talking about food in a public bathroom
that there is a saying rose from heaven
because it always happens when I'm in
a public bath here in a pink bug and
I feel his long and the pink bug
he says they have to be magical voice
because it was a kind of Martian that
comes from another planet save the
humans or learn from them either
I'm very sure because the translations
they are like that the boys are obviously
commissioning the made problem seems like a
Blond dude who is very gay that reminds me
much to freak nagisa that is 19 me
love the doll you went because he has a
Very strange name, I do not remember
name I am a good punching of lan
to the institute and suddenly there is a
professor who have died the teacher has
dead but he is controlled by the pink bug
and that the teacher the corpse and the bug
Pink they control every time and nobody gets
Surprising that the process has a
pink bug here that's the shit that
lives in my life in the end gathers five
guys who have to fight against a
a sort of giant pasta that
a boy who is transforming that screen
giant because nobody wants that pasta
with your magical boy who are like I am
normal but I compete because they beat the
magic pasta but also that everything very
like what the fuck happens because it transforms me
hard to use this and in the end they're going
fighting with the power of love because
you have to fight with the power of love
touch it according to see if you have
grown up and then the defense club of
the earth that where a deception to the
order makes sense of truth the club of
defense of the earth is that it is very rare
the food of the bed in the wow boy
what is it but I have to point the boy a
wow he is what will be shape the boy
bad of the first chapter night they will eat or
the depressive boy is a boy
wow then they fight against that
when the boy leaves behind
formalized I do not know what good this
There is what kind I have and the world is happy
the best of this chapter and everything in
general are the movements you have
transform beings as by power
from the live the unicorns
pantries that speak from the first
chapter I will see it whole and when
He spends a time exceeded in video of everything
the anime in plan of how it seems to me everything
the anime this does everything for the video and
dalea like if you liked it
this to see a chapter talk about what
I thought it was when the anime ended
Well, I'll tell you how the course will be
favorites and my shirt is delighted
cut is that I love these shits
hear and subscribe if you want to see me careto
more often and that's all friends let's go
the animes magical boy I'm going to
declare as the new shit in new
fans services complained about the group of
this my mother burn troy